Massive documentation fixes + copy editing (#15747)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual.rst

.. contents::

>   "Complexity" seems to be a lot like "energy": you can transfer it from the end-user to one/some of the other players, but the total amount seems to remain

Reviewer: There's another long line here and other instances in manual.rst, nimc.rst, and tut1.rst.

Author: fixed :)

    echo "invalid index"

The current implementation allows to switch between these different behaviors

> via ``--panics:on|off``. When panics are turned on, the program dies in a

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this one too. For me it seems like the meaning here is - when a panic happens, the program dies, so it's phrased as "the program dies on a panic"

Author: I've had another good look into this one too. From what I've seen, if you search Google, "dies on a panic" appears only in... Nim's documentation. My version - "dies in a panic" - doesn't seem very natural either. Given what I've seen in other language documentations, the most common way to say that is "dies with a panic".

So, I'm re-changing it :)

Nim distinguishes between `traced`:idx: and `untraced`:idx: references.
Untraced references are also called *pointers*. Traced references point to
objects of a garbage-collected heap, untraced references point to
manually allocated objects or objects somewhere else in memory. Thus
untraced references are *unsafe*. However, for certain low-level operations
(accessing the hardware) untraced references are unavoidable.

Traced references are declared with the **ref** keyword, untraced references
are declared with the **ptr** keyword.  In general, a `ptr T` is implicitly
convertible to the `pointer` type.

> An empty subscript ``[]`` notation can be used to de-refer a reference,

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this one - there's no such word as "derefer" in the first place, and "dereference" is a valid word, but "de-reference" isn't

Author: This one is a bit controversial: I decided to put the hyphen pretty much as when you would when the version without a hyphen doesn't exist. And as you say - and I tried to find some source regarding this issue - "dereference" is a common term, "derefer" doesn't exist. (As a matter of fact, I even tried this very sentence with Grammarly and it suggests a change to "de-refer", marking "derefer" as wrong)

<img width="260" alt="Screenshot 2020-10-28 at 06 28 42" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1265028/97396193-de890b00-18e6-11eb-9044-c073fe4ce46f.png">

A distinct type is an ordinal type if its base type is an ordinal type.

> Modeling currencies

Reviewer 2: UK vs US spelling

into account.

> First-class iterators

Reviewer: If you build the entire documentation with `koch docs` and then view this page, you'll see that this change causes the URL anchor to be `#iterators-and-the-for-statement-firstminusclass-iterators` (this can be seen when you hover over the header). In particular, note that spaces are replaced with `-` but an actual `-` is replaced with `minus` instead. The anchor also includes any parent headers.

Thus, the link back here: https://github.com/nim-lang/Nim/pull/15747/files#diff-8ae43d01f18469b14179d32881322ffe36482c28633d86f8941750d45827f7b9R907
...is broken since it still tries to link to `#iterators-and-the-for-statement-first-class-iterators`.

I'm not entirely sure of the finer details, but some special characters (such as the slash, and of course, the minus sign) are replaced with their "names", for lack of a better term, in URL anchors.

Yeah, this isn't obvious. I only know this since I did submit some documentation-related PRs quite a while ago :)

Author: Thanks a lot. Hopefully, it has been fixed...

typedesc[T]
-----------

> In many contexts, Nim allows us to treat the names of types as regular

Reviewer 2: Maybe just this?
```suggestion
In many contexts, Nim treats the names of types as regular
```

(BTW: Don't take all my suggestions as a single source of truth, I'm not a native English speaker so my suggestions might be incorrect)

Author: P.S. Not to worry! I'm not a native English speaker either (although I have some experience with copy editing + I've been speaking and writing English practically all my life, I cannot even tell anymore which language I learned first lol - I guess, my love for programming is the culprit)
